SCP FOUNDATION INTERNAL FILE

Item Number: SCP-5311
Title: Who Goes There?

SCP-5311: Who Goes There?
Author: S D Locke
Why don't we wait here awhile? See what happens?
Other works by S D Locke!
▸ More by this Author ◂
F.A.Q.
Item Number: SCP-5311
Object Class: Uncontained
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the current state of world affairs, the core directives of the SCP Foundation are to be abandoned. Personnel stationed within Arctic Research Base Brimley are authorized to take any actions necessary in order to preserve the last vestige of free thought among the human population. Directives and All Clear transmissions from Overwatch Command are to be disregarded.
Organisms approaching Research Base Brimley are to be terminated indiscriminately. D-188 has been tasked with inspecting their remains for signs of SCP-5311 habitation under remote supervision. Should D-188 become compromised, their task will fall to Junior Researcher Wimbledon. Untainted meat is to be brought on-site to supplement reserve provisions. Infected organisms will be left to freeze.
SCP+006 has been re-designated Thaumiel. Personnel are to disregard its former containment procedures and care plan. It is to be used as a source of fresh water until it expires. Its body will then be prepared for consumption. Any personnel found compromising the safety of the outpost are to be similarly processed.
Description: SCP-5311 designates a transmissible consciousness that is present throughout the majority of the kingdom Animalia. Due to its rapid proliferation prior to its discovery, little is known regarding its transmission method and where it originated. All information regarding the development of the SCP-5311 crisis has been sourced from classified transmissions sent to Director Belvins over the course of three days, and consists of the following revelations:
Addendum: Encounters and Events
One adult human, team of eight sled dogs.
Miss Lloyd
A female polar bear and its cub.
Mr. Olav and Researcher Griggs
Five adult humans. Four male, one female.
Seven adult humans, four adult dogs.
SCP+006
D-099, Junior Researcher Halvorson
Eight adult humans. Five female, three male.

End of File.
